Updated page with the correct links for (#1891)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/1.1.1.1/src/content/privacy/public-dns-resolver.md

Frankly, we don’t want to know what any one person is doing on the Internet — it’s none of our business — and we’ve taken the technical steps to ensure we can’t.

> We wanted to put our money where our mouth was, so we retained one of the top four accounting firms to audit our practices and publish a public report confirming we're doing what we said we would. The report is available through our [Certifications and compliance resources page](https://www.cloudflare.com/trust-hub/compliance-resources/). You can also [read the KPMG report directly here](https://www.cloudflare.com/resources/assets/slt3lc6tev37/5xlHCvvNBrvrIoWbuk1vTy/e1058b0d366adf4e983aef99a6ed2a1f/Cloudflare_1.1.1.1_Public_Resolver_Report_-_03302020__2_.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We wanted to put our money where our mouth was, so we retained one of the top four accounting firms to audit our practices and publish a public report confirming we're doing what we said we would. The report is available in the [Certifications and compliance resources](https://www.cloudflare.com/trust-hub/compliance-resources/) page. You can also go directly to the [KPMG report](https://www.cloudflare.com/resources/assets/slt3lc6tev37/5xlHCvvNBrvrIoWbuk1vTy/e1058b0d366adf4e983aef99a6ed2a1f/Cloudflare_1.1.1.1_Public_Resolver_Report_-_03302020__2_.pdf) (PDF file).
```

Reviewer: This last link to the PDF file seems that it could easily break... I'd rather just include a link to the page, but it's your call (and your SME's call, probably).
If we're keeping the link, I'd add "(PDF file)" or similar at the end of the sentence so that readers know that the link will open/download a PDF file.

Author: Great call. I think I'm gonna delete the direct link. Thanks!
